Recent/early September news (#525)
LLNL/llnl.github.io: _posts/2021-08-31-glvis-4.1.md

---
title: "GLVis 4.1 Released"
categories: release
---

[GLVis](https://glvis.org/) is a lightweight OpenGL tool for accurate and flexible finite element visualization. Version 4.1 includes:

> - Preliminary support for interactive inline plots in Jupyter Notebooks
> - Refactored rendering components
> - New regression test suite
> - Support for native builds on Windows and native Mac application bundle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Interactive inline plots in Python and C++ Jupyter Notebooks
- Support for native build on Windows and native Mac application bundle
- New thread-based server mode 
- Refactored rendering components
- New regression test suite
```

Learn more:

- [Changelog](https://github.com/GLVis/glvis/blob/v4.1/CHANGELOG)
- [GitHub repo](https://github.com/glvis/glvis)

> - [Website with documentation](https://glvis.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Website with documentation](https://glvis.org)
- Web version: https://glvis.org/live
```
